README.md, before:

# Instagram clone

The final project for Kozminski University's  [Frontend Development With React](https://www.kozminski.edu.pl/pl/node/6841) postgraduate program.

## Task

Develop an Instagram-like app with limited functionalities.

## Requirements

The project:
- Is a web-based app.
- Uses JSONPlaceholder or a similar data source.
- Utilizes REST API architecture.
- Is available for cloning on GitHub or BitBucket.
- Has two main screens: *News Feed* and *Explore*.

### The *News Feed* screen

Business requirements:
- The user can display photos.
- The user can scroll the photos up and down.
- The user can go from the *News Feed* screen to the *Explore* screen.

Technical requirements:
- The app uses routing.
- Data is fetched from [JSONPlaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/photos).
- The remaining elements are mocked.

### The *Explore* screen

Business requirements:
- The user can display photos as a grid.
- The user can go from the *Explore* screen to the *News Feed* screen.

Technical requirements:
-  Data is fetched from [JSONPlaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/photos).
-  Optionally, the screen uses list virtualization.

Commit message:

Add live demo link to README.md

README.md, after:

# Instagram clone

The final project for Kozminski University's  [Frontend Development With React](https://www.kozminski.edu.pl/pl/node/6841) postgraduate program. Take a look at the [live demo](https://alk-drobnik.netlify.app/).

## Task

Develop an Instagram-like app with limited functionalities.

## Requirements

The project:
- Is a web-based app.
- Uses JSONPlaceholder or a similar data source.
- Utilizes REST API architecture.
- Is available for cloning on GitHub or BitBucket.
- Has two main screens: *News Feed* and *Explore*.

### The *News Feed* screen

Business requirements:
- The user can display photos.
- The user can scroll the photos up and down.
- The user can go from the *News Feed* screen to the *Explore* screen.

Technical requirements:
- The app uses routing.
- Data is fetched from [JSONPlaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/photos).
- The remaining elements are mocked.

### The *Explore* screen

Business requirements:
- The user can display photos as a grid.
- The user can go from the *Explore* screen to the *News Feed* screen.

Technical requirements:
-  Data is fetched from [JSONPlaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/photos).
-  Optionally, the screen uses list virtualization.
